introduce the term Hub  #189 (#224)
Meeds-io/whitepaper: en/1-who-we-are.md

# 1. About Us

Meeds is a collaborative effort led by diverse Open Source Software (OSS) communities, dedicated to creating a decentralized digital world that resists centralized corporate control and fosters a free and open environment.

The legal entity behind Meeds is the _Meeds Association_, a non-profit organization incorporated under Swiss law in Geneva. It is responsible for regulating the issuance of the Meeds(MEED) token, an ERC20 token recognized as a utility token.

> Functioning as a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), Meeds emphasizes democratic governance. Token holders with governance rights participate in key decisions, including annual board elections, ensuring transparency and community involvement in organizational changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functioning as a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO), Meeds emphasizes on democratic governance, where token holders with governance rights participate in key decision making, such as, annual board elections, ensuring transparency and community involvement in organizational changes.
```

Reviewer: The word "including" in the sentence means that the writer had mentioned some key decisions before the annual board elections, which in this case, was not mentioned. since the only key decision mentioned here is annual board elections, then for more clarity, I believe that the phrase "such as" should be used instead or "including"

Author: ✅ Approved!

> The association is structured as a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) where the governance token holders vote on all important organizational changes such as electing the board every year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The establishment is structured as a Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) where the governance token holders vote on all important organizational changes such as electing the board every year.
```

Reviewer: The word "establishment" will do, in my opinion, as the phrase "association" has not done a better job of describing what Meeds DAO is.

Author: well, Association is the legal status of Meeds https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swiss_association.

But I'll find another way to avoid the word.

Author: chapter rewritten to limit use of the word "association" while still introducing Hubs and the WoM

> Besides Meeds token management, the association holds the Intellectual Property (IP) of the Meeds Open Source Software [github.com/meeds-io](https://github.com/meeds-io), that powers community Hubs. The Meeds Association also runs a cloud platform to hosts Hubs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides Meeds token management, the establishment holds the Intellectual Property (IP) of the Meeds Open Source Software [github.com/meeds-io](https://github.com/meeds-io), that powers community Hubs. The Meeds ecosystem  also runs a cloud platform to hosts Hubs.
```

Reviewer: I think that the word "association" has not better described what Meeds DAO is and base on the context of that statement, I believe that the word "establishment" will do.
Secondly, I think that the phrase "The meeds Association" is not appropriate for that sentience.
